well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
finding the money this question comes up
anytime somebody proposes something that
is going to benefit the lower
socioeconomic classes in this country
even just the general populous
infrastructure projects the gray New
Deal any form of social safety net well
where are we going to find the money for
that it's not a question that gets asked
when it is going to benefit the
wealthier classes or the corporate
interests in this country
former California Assemblyman Chuck de
Bourgh told Fox News that progressive
left policies were killing the state
killing the state of California in the
United States the state is supposed to
serve the people that's the idea if you
want a state that benefits corporate
interests that blends corporate and
government interests and everybody
serves to the state there's a word for
that it's called fascism that's
literally the definition people advocate
for more and more because they don't
seem to know what it is because one of
those things we can never find the money
for is education if it's something that
the wealthier classes oppose
well those representatives in our
government that have accepted their
money will find a way to resist it and
that's what they'll say we don't have
the money for it where are we going to
find the money it's really what that
means when you hear that just assume
it's something that rich people don't
want to do a good example of this and
the idea that the government will always
find the money for it if it's something
that rich people want to do is the
slavery abolition Act
in 1833 in the United Kingdom it ended
slavery throughout the empire and
included 20 million pounds for
reparations 20 million pounds today that
doesn't sound like a lot back then that
was closer to 18 billion pounds it's
about 5% of the GDP about 40% of what
the Treasury took in in a year and they
found the money for found the money for
it they took out loan they felt it was
really important to do this to include
these reparations
so they took out a loan a loan that
wasn't paid off until 2015 just a few
years ago I know you're probably
thinking I didn't know the UK did
reparations that's because it wasn't to
the slaves that would benefit the lower
socioeconomic classes it was to the
slave owners they took out a loan that
took almost 200 years to pay off because
when it benefits the wealthier people
finding the money for it's never an
issue
I would remind those people that say
that these policies will kill the state
that the homeless those kids that need
free lunch those members of the general
populace that would like their children
educated those infrastructure projects
they all benefit the little guy those
social safety nets they keep the elderly
the disabled but in just the general
poor keep them alive well those people
they are the state and failing to find
the money for it is literally killing
the state anyway it's just a fall y'all
have a good day